SDK docs Spryk section review and edits (#1354)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/sdk/dev/development-tools/ts-linter.md

---
title: TS linter

> description: Learn about the SCSS Linter tool that allows you to find and fix mistakes in the code style.

Reviewer: Why is "linter" uppercase? 
```suggestion
description: Learn about the SCSS Linter tool that lets you find and fix mistakes in the code style.
```

    link: docs/scos/dev/sdk/development-tools/tooling-config-file.html
---

*TS Linter* allows you to find and fix code style mistakes. It helps a team follow the same standards and make code more readable.

 To analyze and fix files, [TSLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/) is used.

## Installation

> For details on how to install the TS Linter for your project, see the [TS Linter integration file](/docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancement-integration-guides/integrating-development-tools/integrating-ts-linter.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details about how to install the TS Linter for your project, see the [TS Linter integration file](/docs/scos/dev/technical-enhancement-integration-guides/integrating-development-tools/integrating-ts-linter.html).
```
